Add Enterprise-AIO hint to installation options (#12128)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/installation/source_installation.rst

.. note:: Please note that the community options are not officially supported by Nextcloud GmbH.

> .. note:: For an enterprise-ready and scalable intallation based on helm charts (also available for Podman), please contact Nextcloud Sales.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip:: For an enterprise-ready and scalable installation based on Helm Charts (also available for Podman), please `contact Nextcloud GmbH <https://nextcloud.com/enterprise/>`_.
```
